chore: Release litep2p version 0.8.0 (#280)
paritytech/litep2p: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.8.0] - 2024-11-01

> This release adds several features for the Kademlia protocol, namely the ability to provide and retrieve records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for content provider advertisement and discovery to Kademlia protocol implementation (see libp2p [spec](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/kad-dht/README.md#content-provider-advertisement-and-discovery)).
```
